Add `merge` materialization (#104)
starburstdata/dbt-trino: README.md

### Compatibility

> This dbt plugin has been tested against `Trino` version `386` and `Starburst Enterprise` version `385-e`.

Reviewer: As a follow-up we should test `merge` also against `393-e` release

{% endif %}
```

##### `merge`

> Through the `merge` incremental strategy, dbt-trino constructs `MERGE` statement which `INSERT` new records and `UPDATE` existing ones based on unique key specified by `unique_key`. 

Reviewer 2: Also add a note that they can use the `delete+insert` materialization if their `unique_key` is not unique

> Through the `merge` incremental strategy, dbt-trino constructs `MERGE` statement which `INSERT` new records and `UPDATE` existing ones based on unique key specified by `unique_key`. 

Reviewer: add a link for `MERGE` https://trino.io/docs/current/sql/merge.html

Do emphasize the fact that `MERGE` is not available on all the connectors.

> Through the `merge` incremental strategy, dbt-trino constructs `MERGE` statement which `INSERT` new records and `UPDATE` existing ones based on unique key specified by `unique_key`. 

Reviewer: Do note that `MERGE` does support also `DELETE` , not only `UPDATE` for dealing with existing entries.

```jinja2
{{
    config(
      materialized = 'incremental',
      unique_key='user_id',
      incremental_strategy='merge',
      )
}}

> select * from {{ ref('users') }}

Reviewer: Please do add also an example with `incremental_predicates`

Author: I disabled it from macro since it's a part of the dbt refactor which is not yet out.

{% endif %}
```

##### `merge`

> Through the `merge` incremental strategy, dbt-trino constructs [`MERGE` statement](https://trino.io/docs/current/sql/merge.html) which `INSERT` new records and `UPDATE` existing ones based on unique key specified by `unique_key`. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Through the `merge` incremental strategy, dbt-trino constructs a [`MERGE` statement](https://trino.io/docs/current/sql/merge.html) which `INSERT`s new and `UPDATE`s existing records based on the unique key specified by `unique_key`. 
```
